Add ticket article commands for console (SLA communication) (#129)
zammad/zammad-documentation: admin/console/working-on-ticket-articles.rst

Working with ticket articles
****************************

.. note:: Please note that this is not a full command list, if you're missing commands, feel free to ask over at the `Community <https://community.zammad.org>`_.

> Change notes to communication articles for SLA calculation
> ----------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Count Public “Notes” toward SLAs
--------------------------------
```

Author: That heading is **a lot** better than my initial one. Thanks!

> In some cases you might want to count note articles to your `service level agreements <https://admin-docs.zammad.org/en/latest/manage-slas.html>`_. 
> By default, Zammad ignores notes with SLA activated. You might also want to ensure that public notes will be sent to the customer by a `Trigger <https://admin-docs.zammad.org/en/latest/manage-trigger.html>`_, because Zammad does not check for this!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normally, `notes <https://user-docs.zammad.org/en/latest/basics/service-ticket/follow-up.html#adding-new-messages-notes>`_ don't count toward `service-level agreements <https://admin-docs.zammad.org/en/latest/manage-slas.html>`_.
Use the following command to include publicly-visible notes when tracking SLA compliance.
(Internal notes cannot be made to apply toward SLAs.)
```

> .. note:: The command below will only affect public notes, Zammad will still ignore private notes for SLA calculation!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: By default, customers are not notified when public notes are added to a ticket. Set up a `trigger <https://admin-docs.zammad.org/en/latest/manage-trigger.html>`_ if you wish to change this behavior. 
```

> .. warning:: Changing notes to a communication article disables the possibility to delete those notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning:: Changing this setting will disable the option to delete public notes.
```

.. code-block:: ruby

>   >> Ticket::Article::Type.find_by(name:'note').update!(communication: true)    # Enable SLA to count notes as communication
>   >> Ticket::Article::Type.find_by(name:'note').update!(communication: false)   # Enable SLA to ignore notes as communication

Reviewer: I would recommend three-space indentation on RST directives so that, e.g., these code samples line up with the phrase "code-block" on the previous line.

```suggestion
   >> Ticket::Article::Type.find_by(name:'note').update!(communication: true)    # Enable SLA to count notes as communication
   >> Ticket::Article::Type.find_by(name:'note').update!(communication: false)   # Enable SLA to ignore notes as communication
```
